com/example/datingcrod/Chat/ChatAdapter.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatAdapter
com/example/datingcrod/SendNotification.java
 com.example.datingcrod.SendNotification
com/example/datingcrod/Cards/cards.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Cards.cards
com/example/datingcrod/services/MyFirebaseInstanceServices.java
 com.example.datingcrod.services.MyFirebaseInstanceServices
com/example/datingcrod/Chat/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$1
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$2
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$2$1
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$3
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$4
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$5
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$6
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$7
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$8
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatActivity$9
com/example/datingcrod/MainActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$1
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$2
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$3
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$4
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$5
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$6
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$6$1
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$7
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$8
 com.example.datingcrod.MainActivity$NotificationOpenedHandler
com/example/datingcrod/TopNavigationViewHelper.java
 com.example.datingcrod.TopNavigationViewHelper
 com.example.datingcrod.TopNavigationViewHelper$1
com/example/datingcrod/Matches/MatchesActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesActivity$1
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesActivity$2
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesActivity$3
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesActivity$4
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesActivity$5
com/example/datingcrod/SettingsActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.SettingsActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.SettingsActivity$1
 com.example.datingcrod.SettingsActivity$2
 com.example.datingcrod.SettingsActivity$3
 com.example.datingcrod.SettingsActivity$4
 com.example.datingcrod.SettingsActivity$5
 com.example.datingcrod.SettingsActivity$6
 com.example.datingcrod.SettingsActivity$7
com/example/datingcrod/Matches/MatchesViewHolders.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesViewHolders
com/example/datingcrod/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.LoginActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.datingcrod.LoginActivity$1$1
 com.example.datingcrod.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.datingcrod.LoginActivity$3
com/example/datingcrod/CountryToPhonePrefix.java
 com.example.datingcrod.CountryToPhonePrefix
com/example/datingcrod/Cards/arrayAdapter.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Cards.arrayAdapter
com/example/datingcrod/ForgotPasswordActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.ForgotPasswordActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.ForgotPasswordActivity$1
 com.example.datingcrod.ForgotPasswordActivity$1$1
 com.example.datingcrod.ForgotPasswordActivity$1$1$1
com/example/datingcrod/BtnDislikeActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.BtnDislikeActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.BtnDislikeActivity$1
com/example/datingcrod/SplashScreen.java
 com.example.datingcrod.SplashScreen
 com.example.datingcrod.SplashScreen$1
com/example/datingcrod/Chat/ChatViewHolders.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatViewHolders
com/example/datingcrod/User/UserObject.java
 com.example.datingcrod.User.UserObject
com/example/datingcrod/Chat/ChatObject.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Chat.ChatObject
com/example/datingcrod/ChooseLoginRegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.ChooseLoginRegistrationActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.ChooseLoginRegistrationActivity$1
 com.example.datingcrod.ChooseLoginRegistrationActivity$2
com/example/datingcrod/Matches/MatchesObject.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesObject
com/example/datingcrod/BtnLikeActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.BtnLikeActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.BtnLikeActivity$1
com/example/datingcrod/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.datingcrod.BuildConfig
com/example/datingcrod/RegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.datingcrod.RegistrationActivity
 com.example.datingcrod.RegistrationActivity$1
 com.example.datingcrod.RegistrationActivity$2
 com.example.datingcrod.RegistrationActivity$3
 com.example.datingcrod.RegistrationActivity$3$1
 com.example.datingcrod.RegistrationActivity$3$1$1
com/example/datingcrod/Matches/MatchesAdapter.java
 com.example.datingcrod.Matches.MatchesAdapter
